Enhanced the installation documentation. (#52)
samply/bridgehead: README.md

- bbmri
- ccp

Use "bbmri" if you are in the BBMRI-ERIC European biobank network or the GBA (German Biobank Alliance) network.

Use "ccp" if you are in the DKTK network, the C4 network or the nNGM network.

### GitLab repository

In order to be able to install, you will need to have your own repository in GitLab for your site's configuration settings. This allows automated updates of the Bridgehead software.

To request a new repository, please send an email to bridgehead@helpdesk.bbmri-eric.eu. Mention which project you belong to, i.e. "bbmri" or "ccp", plus your chosen site name.

We will set the repository up for you. We will then send you the repository's URL plus a token to access it.

Before installation, you must set up your site's configuration in GitLab.

To do this, visit the configuration repository's URL and click on the configuration file. Depending on your project, this will be called either ```bbmri.conf```or ```ccp.conf```. Use the blue button to edit it. You will need to change, as a minimum, the following variables:

- SITE_NAME
- SITE_ID
- OPERATOR_FIRST_NAME
- OPERATOR_LAST_NAME
- OPERATOR_EMAIL
- OPERATOR_PHONE

> SITE_NAME and SITE_ID can be set to the chosen name for your site, e.g. "your-site-name". OPERATOR_* should be set to values appropriate for the administrator of your site.

Author: I thought that the partner should set up via a pull request, which we would then review?

Site names should adhere to the following conventions:

- They should be lower-case.
- They should generally be named after the city where your site is based, e.g. ```karlsruhe```.
- If you have a multi-part name, please use a hypen ("-") as separator, e.g. ```le-havre```.
- If your site is for testing purposes, rather than production, please prepend with "test-", e.g. ```test-zaragoza```.
- If you are a developer and you are making changes to the Bridgehead, please use your name and prepend with "dev-", e.g. ```dev-joe-doe```.

### Projects

The following "projects" are known to the Bridgehead installation:

- bbmri
- ccp

Use "bbmri" if you are in the BBMRI-ERIC European biobank network or the GBA (German Biobank Alliance) network.

Use "ccp" if you are in the DKTK network, the C4 network or the nNGM network.

### GitLab repository

In order to be able to install, you will need to have your own repository in GitLab for your site's configuration settings. This allows automated updates of the Bridgehead software.

> To request a new repository, please send an email to bridgehead@helpdesk.bbmri-eric.eu. Mention which project you belong to, i.e. "bbmri" or "ccp", plus your chosen site name.

Author: Is there a corresponding email for CCP that I could also include?

## Deployment

### Site name

You will need to choose a short name for your site. This is not a URL, just a simple identifying string. For the examples below, we will use "your-site-name", but you should obviously choose something that is meaningful to you and which is unique.

Site names should adhere to the following conventions:

- They should be lower-case.
- They should generally be named after the city where your site is based, e.g. ```karlsruhe```.
- If you have a multi-part name, please use a hypen ("-") as separator, e.g. ```le-havre```.
- If your site is for testing purposes, rather than production, please append "-test", e.g. ```zaragoza-test```.

> - If you are a developer and you are making changes to the Bridgehead, please use your name and append "-dev", e.g. ```joe-doe-dev```.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you are a developer and you are making changes to the Bridgehead, please use your name and prepend "dev-", e.g. ```dev-joe-doe```.
```

> ### Projects
> 
> The following "projects" are known to the Bridgehead installation:
> 
> - bbmri
> - ccp
> 
> Use "bbmri" if you are in the BBMRI-ERIC European biobank network or the GBA (German Biobank Alliance) network.
> 
> Use "ccp" if you are in the DKTK network, the C4 network or the nNGM network.
> 

Reviewer: Let's leave that out, so the repo stays project-independent.

```suggestion
```

### GitLab repository

In order to be able to install, you will need to have your own repository in GitLab for your site's configuration settings. This allows automated updates of the Bridgehead software.

> To request a new repository, please send an email to one of the following:
> 
> - For the bbmri project: bridgehead@helpdesk.bbmri-eric.eu.
> - For the ccp project: support-ccp@dkfz-heidelberg.de
> 
> Mention which project you belong to, i.e. "bbmri" or "ccp", plus your chosen site name.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To request a new repository, please contact the administrative or technical contact of your research network, and mention your chosen site name.

```

We will set the repository up for you. We will then send you:

> - A Repository Short Name (RSN). Beware: this is distinct from your site name.
> - The repository's URL.
> - A token to access the repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Your site name (e.g. ```karlsruhe```).
- An access token to access the repository.
```

I believe these two infos should be all that is required to complete the installation.

> Before installation, you must set up your site's configuration in GitLab.
> 
> To do this, visit the configuration repository's URL and click on the configuration file. Depending on your project, this will be called either ```bbmri.conf```or ```ccp.conf```. Use the blue button to edit it. You will need to change, as a minimum, the following variables:
> 
> - SITE_NAME
> - SITE_ID
> - OPERATOR_FIRST_NAME
> - OPERATOR_LAST_NAME
> - OPERATOR_EMAIL
> - OPERATOR_PHONE
> 
> SITE_NAME and SITE_ID can be set to the chosen name for your site, e.g. "your-site-name". OPERATOR_* should be set to values appropriate for the administrator of your site.
> 
> Once you have made your changes, these will need to be reviewed by members of our team before you can proceed with the installation.
> 

Reviewer: I agree with @TKussel that this should be done on our side. However, it might be smart to do the following: **As part of the installation**, the BK admin receives a message like "Just checked out your config repository from the central git repository at https://... Please click on this link to review your site-specific configuration.

```suggestion
During the installation, your Bridgehead will download your site's configuration from GitLab. You will receive a weblink to review these settings and make changes as needed. To do this, visit the URL and click on the configuration file (```*.conf```, depending on your network). Use the blue button to edit it. You will need to check, as a minimum, the following variables:

- SITE_NAME
- SITE_ID
- OPERATOR_FIRST_NAME
- OPERATOR_LAST_NAME
- OPERATOR_EMAIL
- OPERATOR_PHONE

SITE_NAME and SITE_ID should be set to the chosen name for your site. OPERATOR_* should be set to values appropriate for the administrator of your site (see examples in the file).

Once you have made your changes, these will need to be reviewed by members of our team as part of a git pull request. Once accepted, the Bridgehead will automatically re-download these settings as part of its auto-update.

```

Reviewer 2: Do we want to deal with access rights to gitlab? I don't think they can view the repo without an account, access token is not enough. Would just include the info in the email. No need to bother them with the details about setting the site Id as it should be done on our side. They can review it when they clone the repo

### Base Installation

> First, get the Bridgehead:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, clone the repository to the directory `/srv/docker/bridgehead`:
```

The old text was more specific

Reviewer 2: Done

sudo ./bridgehead install <PROJECT>
```

> When prompted with "Please enter your site", you should enter the Repository Short Name (RSN) for GitLab that you were given in the previous section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When prompted with "Please enter your site", you should enter the `SITE_ID` you were given in the previous section.
```

Reviewer 2: I would avoid these steps all together, just clone the repo before the installation using the URL sent via email. No need to complicate it

sudo systemctl [enable|disable] bridgehead@<PROJECT>.service
```

### Testing your new Bridgehead

After starting the Bridgehead, you can watch the initialization process with the following command:

```shell
sudo journalctl -xefu bridgehead@bbmri.service
```

if this exits with the following:

```
bridgehead@bbmri.service: Main process exited, code=exited, status=1/FAILURE
```

Then you know that there was a problem with starting the Bridgehead. Scroll up the printout to find the cause of the error.

Once the Bridgehead is running, you can also view the individual Docker processes with:

```shell
docker ps
```

There should be 6 Docker proceses. If there are fewer, then you know that something has gone wrong. To see what is going on, run:

```shell

> docker-compose -f bbmri/docker-compose.yml logs --follow

Reviewer 3: I would rather suggest to use the system units logs. For this reuse the journalctl command: `journalctl -u bridgehead@bbmri -f`
This should result in identical output

sudo systemctl [enable|disable] bridgehead@<PROJECT>.service
```

> ### Testing your new Bridgehead

Reviewer: Can we move this into a separate troubleshooting doc?

After starting the Bridgehead, you can watch the initialization process with the following command:

```shell
journalctl -u bridgehead@bbmri -f
```

> if this exits with the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
if this exits with something similar to the following:
```

```
bridgehead@bbmri.service: Main process exited, code=exited, status=1/FAILURE
```

Then you know that there was a problem with starting the Bridgehead. Scroll up the printout to find the cause of the error.

Once the Bridgehead is running, you can also view the individual Docker processes with:

```shell
docker ps
```

> There should be 6 Docker proceses. If there are fewer, then you know that something has gone wrong. To see what is going on, run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There should be 6-10 Docker proceses. If there are fewer, then you know that something has gone wrong. To see what is going on, run:
```

```shell
journalctl -u bridgehead@bbmri -f
```

Once the Bridgehead has passed these checks, take a look at the landing page:

```
https://localhost
```

You can either do this in a browser or with curl. If you visit the URL in the browser, you will neet to click through several warnings, because you will initially be using a self-signed certificate. With curl, you can bypass these checks:

```shell
curl -k https://localhost
```

If you get errors when you do this, you need to use ```docker logs``` to examine your landing page container in order to determine what is going wrong.

If you have chosen to take part in our monitoring program (by setting the ```MONITOR_APIKEY``` variable in the configuration), you will be informed by email when problems are detected in your Bridgehead.

> ### De-installing a Bridgehead

Reviewer: I believe this is all covered by the `uninstall` command
